name	row_number	problem_type	problem_col	error_message
mc01	0	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc01	0	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc01	1	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc01	1	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc01	1	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc01	1	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc01	2	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc01	2	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc01	2	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc01	2	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc01	3	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc01	3	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc01	3	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc01	3	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc01	3	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc01	3	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc02	4	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc02	4	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc02	4	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc02	5	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc02	5	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc02	5	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc02	5	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc02	6	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc02	6	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc02	6	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc02	6	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc02	7	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc02	7	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc02	7	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc02	7	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc02	7	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc02	7	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc03	8	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc03	8	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc03	8	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc03	9	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc03	9	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc03	9	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc03	9	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc03	10	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc03	10	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc03	10	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc03	10	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc03	11	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc03	11	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc03	11	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc03	11	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc03	11	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc03	11	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc04	12	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc04	12	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc04	12	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc04	13	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc04	13	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc04	13	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc04	13	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc04	14	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc04	14	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc04	14	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc04	14	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc04	15	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc04	15	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc04	15	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc04	15	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc04	15	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc04	15	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc06	16	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc06	17	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc06	17	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc06	17	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc06	17	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc06	18	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc06	18	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc06	18	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc06	18	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc06	18	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc06	18	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc07	19	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc07	20	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc07	20	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc07	20	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc07	20	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc07	21	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc07	21	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc07	21	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc07	21	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc07	21	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc07	21	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc08	22	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc08	22	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc08	22	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc08	23	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc08	23	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc08	23	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc08	23	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc08	24	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc08	24	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc08	24	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc08	24	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc08	24	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc08	25	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc08	25	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc08	25	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc08	25	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc08	26	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc08	26	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc08	26	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc08	26	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc08	27	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc08	27	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc08	27	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc08	27	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc08	27	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc08	27	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc09	28	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc09	28	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc09	28	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc09	29	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc09	29	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc09	29	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc09	29	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc09	30	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc09	30	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc09	30	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc09	30	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc09	30	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc09	31	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc09	31	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc09	31	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc09	31	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc09	32	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc09	32	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc09	32	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc09	32	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc09	33	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc09	33	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc09	33	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc09	33	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc09	33	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc09	33	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc10	34	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc10	35	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc10	35	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc10	35	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc10	35	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc10	35	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc10	36	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc10	36	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc10	36	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc10	36	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc10	37	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc10	37	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc10	37	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc10	37	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc10	37	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc10	37	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc100	38	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc100	39	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc100	39	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc100	39	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc100	39	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc100	40	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc100	40	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc100	40	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc100	40	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc100	40	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc100	40	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc101	41	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc101	42	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc101	42	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc101	42	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc101	42	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc101	43	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc101	43	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc101	43	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc101	43	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc101	43	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc101	43	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc102	44	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc102	45	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc102	45	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc102	45	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc102	45	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc102	46	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc102	46	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc102	46	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc102	46	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc102	46	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc102	46	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc103	47	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc103	48	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc103	48	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc103	48	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc103	48	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc103	48	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc103	49	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc103	49	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc103	49	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc103	49	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc103	50	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc103	50	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc103	50	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc103	50	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc103	50	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc103	50	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc104	51	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc104	52	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc104	52	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc104	52	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc104	52	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc104	53	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc104	53	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc104	53	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc104	53	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc104	53	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc104	53	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc105	54	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc105	55	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc105	55	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc105	55	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc105	55	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc105	55	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc105	56	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc105	56	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc105	56	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc105	56	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc105	57	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc105	57	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc105	57	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc105	57	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc105	58	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc105	58	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc105	58	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc105	58	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc105	58	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc105	58	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc106	59	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc106	60	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc106	60	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc106	60	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc106	60	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc106	61	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc106	61	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc106	61	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc106	61	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc106	61	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc106	61	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc107	62	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc107	63	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc107	63	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc107	63	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc107	63	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc107	63	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc107	64	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc107	64	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc107	64	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc107	64	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc107	65	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc107	65	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc107	65	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc107	65	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc107	65	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc107	65	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc108	66	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc108	67	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc108	67	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc108	67	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc108	67	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc108	68	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc108	68	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc108	68	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc108	68	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc108	68	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc108	68	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc109	69	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc109	70	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc109	70	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc109	70	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc109	70	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc109	70	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc109	71	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc109	71	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc109	71	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc109	71	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc109	72	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc109	72	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc109	72	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc109	72	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc109	73	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc109	73	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc109	73	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc109	73	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc109	73	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc109	73	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc11	74	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc11	75	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc11	75	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc11	75	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc11	75	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc11	75	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc11	76	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc11	76	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc11	76	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc11	76	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc11	77	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc11	77	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc11	77	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc11	77	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc11	77	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc11	77	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc110	78	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc110	79	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc110	79	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc110	79	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc110	79	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc110	80	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc110	80	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc110	80	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc110	80	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc110	80	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc110	80	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc111	81	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc111	82	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc111	82	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc111	82	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc111	82	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc111	82	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc111	83	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc111	83	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc111	83	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc111	83	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc111	84	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc111	84	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc111	84	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc111	84	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc111	85	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc111	85	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc111	85	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc111	85	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc111	85	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc111	85	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc112	86	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc112	87	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc112	87	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc112	87	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc112	87	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc112	88	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc112	88	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc112	88	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc112	88	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc112	88	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc112	88	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc113	89	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc113	90	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc113	90	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc113	90	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc113	90	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc113	90	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc113	91	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc113	91	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc113	91	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc113	91	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc113	92	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc113	92	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc113	92	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc113	92	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc113	93	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc113	93	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc113	93	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc113	93	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc113	93	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc113	93	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc114	94	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc114	95	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc114	95	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc114	95	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc114	95	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc114	96	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc114	96	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc114	96	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc114	96	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc114	96	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc114	96	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc115	97	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc115	98	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc115	98	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc115	98	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc115	98	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc115	98	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc115	99	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc115	99	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc115	99	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc115	99	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc115	100	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc115	100	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc115	100	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc115	100	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc115	101	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc115	101	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc115	101	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc115	101	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc115	101	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc115	101	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc116	102	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc116	103	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc116	103	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc116	103	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc116	103	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc116	103	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc116	104	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc116	104	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc116	104	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc116	104	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc116	105	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc116	105	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc116	105	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc116	105	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc116	106	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc116	106	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc116	106	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc116	106	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc116	106	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc116	106	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc117	107	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc117	108	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc117	108	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc117	108	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc117	108	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc117	108	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc117	109	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc117	109	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc117	109	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc117	109	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc117	110	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc117	110	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc117	110	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc117	110	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc117	111	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc117	111	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc117	111	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc117	111	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc117	111	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc117	111	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc118	112	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc118	113	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc118	113	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc118	113	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc118	113	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc118	114	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc118	114	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc118	114	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc118	114	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc118	114	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc118	114	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc119	115	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc119	116	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc119	116	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc119	116	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc119	116	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc119	116	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc119	117	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc119	117	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc119	117	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc119	117	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc119	118	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc119	118	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc119	118	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc119	118	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc119	119	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc119	119	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc119	119	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc119	119	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc119	119	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc119	119	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc12	120	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc12	120	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc12	120	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc12	121	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc12	121	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc12	121	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc12	121	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc12	121	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc12	121	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc120	122	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc120	123	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc120	123	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc120	123	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc120	123	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc120	123	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc120	124	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc120	124	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc120	124	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc120	124	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc120	125	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc120	125	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc120	125	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc120	125	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc120	126	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc120	126	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc120	126	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc120	126	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc120	126	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc120	126	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc121	127	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc121	128	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc121	128	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc121	128	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc121	128	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc121	128	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc121	129	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc121	129	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc121	129	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc121	129	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc121	130	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc121	130	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc121	130	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc121	130	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc121	130	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc121	130	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc122	131	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc122	132	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc122	132	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc122	132	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc122	132	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc122	133	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc122	133	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc122	133	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc122	133	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc122	133	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc122	133	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc123	134	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc123	135	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc123	135	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc123	135	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc123	135	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc123	135	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc123	136	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc123	136	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc123	136	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc123	136	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc123	137	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc123	137	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc123	137	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc123	137	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc123	138	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc123	138	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc123	138	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc123	138	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc123	138	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc123	138	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc124	139	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc124	140	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc124	140	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc124	140	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc124	140	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc124	141	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc124	141	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc124	141	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc124	141	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc124	141	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc124	141	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc125	142	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc125	143	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc125	143	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc125	143	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc125	143	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc125	143	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc125	144	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc125	144	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc125	144	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc125	144	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc125	145	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc125	145	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc125	145	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc125	145	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc125	145	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc125	145	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc126	146	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc126	147	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc126	147	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc126	147	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc126	147	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc126	148	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc126	148	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc126	148	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc126	148	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc126	148	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc126	148	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc127	149	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc127	150	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc127	150	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc127	150	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc127	150	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc127	150	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc127	151	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc127	151	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc127	151	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc127	151	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc127	152	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc127	152	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc127	152	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc127	152	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc127	153	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc127	153	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc127	153	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc127	153	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc127	153	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc127	153	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc128	154	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc128	155	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc128	155	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc128	155	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc128	155	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc128	155	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc128	156	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc128	156	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc128	156	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc128	156	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc128	157	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc128	157	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc128	157	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc128	157	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc128	158	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc128	158	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc128	158	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc128	158	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc128	158	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc128	158	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc129	159	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc129	160	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc129	160	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc129	160	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc129	160	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc129	161	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc129	161	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc129	161	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc129	161	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc129	161	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc129	161	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc13	162	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc13	162	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc13	162	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc13	163	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc13	163	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc13	163	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc13	163	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc13	164	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc13	164	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc13	164	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc13	164	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc13	164	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc13	165	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc13	165	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc13	165	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc13	165	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc13	166	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc13	166	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc13	166	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc13	166	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc13	167	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc13	167	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc13	167	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc13	167	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc13	167	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc13	167	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc130	168	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc130	169	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc130	169	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc130	169	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc130	169	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc130	170	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc130	170	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc130	170	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc130	170	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc130	170	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc130	170	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc131	171	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc131	172	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc131	172	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc131	172	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc131	172	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc131	172	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc131	173	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc131	173	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc131	173	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc131	173	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc131	174	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc131	174	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc131	174	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc131	174	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc131	175	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc131	175	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc131	175	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc131	175	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc131	175	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc131	175	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc132	176	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc132	177	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc132	177	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc132	177	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc132	177	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc132	177	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc132	178	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc132	178	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc132	178	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc132	178	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc132	179	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc132	179	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc132	179	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc132	179	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc132	180	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc132	180	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc132	180	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc132	180	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc132	180	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc132	180	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc133	181	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc133	182	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc133	182	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc133	182	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc133	182	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc133	182	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc133	183	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc133	183	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc133	183	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc133	183	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc133	184	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc133	184	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc133	184	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc133	184	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc133	185	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc133	185	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc133	185	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc133	185	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc133	185	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc133	185	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc134	186	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc134	187	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc134	187	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc134	187	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc134	187	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc134	188	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc134	188	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc134	188	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc134	188	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc134	188	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc134	188	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc135	189	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc135	190	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc135	190	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc135	190	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc135	190	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc135	190	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc135	191	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc135	191	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc135	191	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc135	191	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc135	192	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc135	192	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc135	192	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc135	192	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc135	192	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc135	192	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc136	193	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc136	194	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc136	194	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc136	194	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc136	194	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc136	195	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc136	195	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc136	195	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc136	195	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc136	195	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc136	195	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc137	196	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc137	197	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc137	197	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc137	197	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc137	197	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc137	197	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc137	197	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc138	198	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc138	199	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc138	199	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc138	199	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc138	199	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc138	199	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc138	199	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc139	200	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc139	201	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc139	201	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc139	201	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc139	201	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc139	201	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc139	202	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc139	202	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc139	202	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc139	202	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc139	203	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc139	203	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc139	203	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc139	203	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc139	203	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc139	203	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc14	204	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc14	205	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc14	205	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc14	205	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc14	205	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc14	205	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc14	206	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc14	206	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc14	206	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc14	206	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc14	207	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc14	207	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc14	207	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc14	207	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc14	207	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc14	207	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc140	208	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc140	209	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc140	209	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc140	209	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc140	209	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc140	209	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc140	210	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc140	210	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc140	210	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc140	210	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc140	211	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc140	211	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc140	211	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc140	211	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc140	211	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc140	211	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc141	212	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc141	213	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc141	213	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc141	213	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc141	213	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc141	214	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc141	214	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc141	214	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc141	214	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc141	214	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc141	214	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc142	215	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc142	216	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc142	216	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc142	216	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc142	216	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc142	216	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc142	217	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc142	217	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc142	217	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc142	217	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc142	218	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc142	218	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc142	218	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc142	218	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc142	218	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc142	218	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc143	219	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc143	220	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc143	220	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc143	220	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc143	220	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc143	221	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc143	221	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc143	221	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc143	221	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc143	221	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc143	221	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc144	222	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc144	223	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc144	223	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc144	223	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc144	223	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc144	223	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc144	224	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc144	224	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc144	224	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc144	224	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc144	225	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc144	225	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc144	225	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc144	225	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc144	225	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc144	225	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc145	226	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc145	227	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc145	227	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc145	227	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc145	227	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc145	227	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc145	228	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc145	228	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc145	228	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc145	228	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc145	229	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc145	229	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc145	229	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc145	229	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc145	230	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc145	230	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc145	230	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc145	230	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc145	230	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc145	230	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc146	231	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc146	232	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc146	232	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc146	232	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc146	232	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc146	232	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc146	233	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc146	233	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc146	233	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc146	233	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc146	234	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc146	234	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc146	234	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc146	234	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc146	235	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc146	235	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc146	235	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc146	235	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc146	235	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc146	235	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc147	236	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc147	237	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc147	237	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc147	237	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc147	237	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc147	237	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc147	238	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc147	238	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc147	238	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc147	238	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc147	239	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc147	239	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc147	239	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc147	239	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc147	240	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc147	240	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc147	240	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc147	240	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc147	240	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc147	240	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc148	241	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc148	242	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc148	242	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc148	242	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc148	242	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc148	242	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc148	243	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc148	243	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc148	243	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc148	243	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc148	244	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc148	244	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc148	244	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc148	244	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc148	245	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc148	245	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc148	245	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc148	245	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc148	245	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc148	245	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc149	246	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc149	246	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc149	246	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc149	247	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc149	247	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc149	247	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc149	247	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc149	247	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc149	247	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc15	248	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc15	248	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc15	248	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc15	249	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc15	249	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc15	249	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc15	249	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc15	250	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc15	250	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc15	250	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc15	250	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc15	250	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc15	251	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc15	251	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc15	251	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc15	251	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc15	252	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc15	252	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc15	252	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc15	252	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc15	253	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc15	253	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc15	253	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc15	253	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc15	253	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc15	253	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc150	254	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc150	255	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc150	255	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc150	255	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc150	255	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc150	256	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc150	256	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc150	256	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc150	256	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc150	256	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc150	256	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc151	257	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc151	257	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc151	257	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc151	258	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc151	258	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc151	258	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc151	258	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc151	258	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc151	258	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc152	259	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc152	260	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc152	260	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc152	260	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc152	260	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc152	261	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc152	261	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc152	261	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc152	261	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc152	261	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc152	261	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc153	262	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc153	263	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc153	263	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc153	263	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc153	263	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc153	263	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc153	264	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc153	264	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc153	264	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc153	264	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc153	265	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc153	265	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc153	265	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc153	265	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc153	265	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc153	265	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc154	266	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc154	267	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc154	267	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc154	267	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc154	267	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc154	267	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc154	268	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc154	268	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc154	268	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc154	268	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc154	269	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc154	269	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc154	269	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc154	269	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc154	270	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc154	270	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc154	270	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc154	270	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc154	270	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc154	270	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc155	271	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc155	272	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc155	272	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc155	272	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc155	272	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc155	272	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc155	273	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc155	273	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc155	273	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc155	273	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc155	274	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc155	274	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc155	274	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc155	274	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc155	274	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc155	274	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc156	275	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc156	276	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc156	276	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc156	276	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc156	276	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc156	277	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc156	277	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc156	277	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc156	277	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc156	277	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc156	277	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc157	278	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc157	279	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc157	279	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc157	279	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc157	279	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc157	280	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc157	280	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc157	280	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc157	280	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc157	280	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc157	280	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc158	281	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc158	282	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc158	282	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc158	282	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc158	282	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc158	282	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc158	283	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc158	283	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc158	283	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc158	283	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc158	284	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc158	284	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc158	284	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc158	284	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc158	284	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc158	284	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc16	285	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc16	285	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc16	285	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc16	286	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc16	286	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc16	286	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc16	286	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc16	286	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc16	286	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc160	287	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc160	288	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc160	288	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc160	288	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc160	288	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc160	288	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc160	289	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc160	289	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc160	289	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc160	289	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc160	290	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc160	290	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc160	290	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc160	290	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc160	291	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc160	291	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc160	291	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc160	291	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc160	291	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc160	291	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc161	292	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc161	293	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc161	293	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc161	293	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc161	293	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc161	293	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc161	294	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc161	294	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc161	294	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc161	294	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc161	295	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc161	295	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc161	295	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc161	295	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc161	295	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc161	295	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc162	296	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc162	297	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc162	297	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc162	297	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc162	297	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc162	297	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc162	298	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc162	298	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc162	298	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc162	298	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc162	299	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc162	299	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc162	299	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc162	299	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc162	299	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc162	299	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc163	300	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc163	301	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc163	301	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc163	301	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc163	301	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc163	302	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc163	302	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc163	302	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc163	302	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc163	302	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc163	302	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc164	303	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc164	304	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc164	304	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc164	304	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc164	304	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc164	304	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc164	305	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc164	305	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc164	305	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc164	305	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc164	306	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc164	306	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc164	306	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc164	306	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc164	307	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc164	307	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc164	307	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc164	307	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc164	307	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc164	307	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc165	308	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc165	309	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc165	309	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc165	309	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc165	309	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc165	309	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc165	310	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc165	310	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc165	310	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc165	310	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc165	311	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc165	311	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc165	311	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc165	311	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc165	312	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc165	312	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc165	312	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc165	312	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc165	312	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc165	312	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc166	313	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc166	314	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc166	314	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc166	314	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc166	314	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc166	314	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc166	315	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc166	315	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc166	315	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc166	315	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc166	316	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc166	316	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc166	316	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc166	316	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc166	316	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc166	316	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc167	317	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc167	318	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc167	318	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc167	318	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc167	318	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc167	318	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc167	319	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc167	319	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc167	319	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc167	319	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc167	320	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc167	320	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc167	320	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc167	320	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc167	321	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc167	321	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc167	321	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc167	321	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc167	321	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc167	321	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc168	322	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc168	323	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc168	323	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc168	323	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc168	323	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc168	324	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc168	324	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc168	324	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc168	324	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc168	324	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc168	324	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc169	325	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc169	325	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc169	325	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc169	326	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc169	326	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc169	326	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc169	326	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc169	326	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc169	326	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc170	327	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc170	328	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc170	328	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc170	328	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc170	328	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc170	329	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc170	329	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc170	329	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc170	329	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc170	329	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc170	329	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc19	330	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc19	331	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc19	331	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc19	331	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc19	331	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc19	331	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc19	332	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc19	332	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc19	332	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc19	332	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc19	333	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc19	333	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc19	333	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc19	333	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc19	333	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc19	333	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc20	334	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc20	334	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc20	334	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc20	335	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc20	335	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc20	335	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc20	335	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc20	336	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc20	336	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc20	336	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc20	336	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc20	337	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc20	337	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc20	337	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc20	337	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc20	337	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc20	337	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc200	338	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc200	339	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc200	339	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc200	339	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc200	339	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc200	339	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc200	340	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc200	340	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc200	340	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc200	340	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc200	341	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc200	341	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc200	341	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc200	341	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc200	342	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc200	342	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc200	342	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc200	342	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc200	342	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc200	342	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc201	343	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc201	344	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc201	344	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc201	344	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc201	344	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc201	345	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc201	345	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc201	345	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc201	345	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc201	345	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc201	345	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc202	346	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc202	347	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc202	347	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc202	347	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc202	347	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc202	348	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc202	348	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc202	348	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc202	348	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc202	348	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc202	348	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc203	349	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc203	350	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc203	350	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc203	350	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc203	350	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc203	351	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc203	351	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc203	351	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc203	351	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc203	351	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc203	351	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc204	352	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc204	353	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc204	353	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc204	353	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc204	353	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc204	354	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc204	354	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc204	354	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc204	354	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc204	354	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc204	354	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc205	355	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc205	356	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc205	356	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc205	356	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc205	356	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc205	356	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc205	357	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc205	357	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc205	357	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc205	357	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc205	358	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc205	358	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc205	358	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc205	358	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc205	358	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc205	358	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc206	359	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc206	360	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc206	360	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc206	360	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc206	360	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc206	360	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc206	361	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc206	361	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc206	361	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc206	361	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc206	362	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc206	362	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc206	362	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc206	362	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc206	362	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc206	362	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc207	363	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc207	364	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc207	364	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc207	364	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc207	364	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc207	365	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc207	365	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc207	365	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc207	365	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc207	365	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc207	365	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc208	366	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc208	367	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc208	367	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc208	367	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc208	367	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc208	368	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc208	368	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc208	368	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc208	368	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc208	368	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc208	368	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc209	369	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc209	370	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc209	370	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc209	370	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc209	370	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc209	371	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc209	371	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc209	371	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc209	371	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc209	371	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc209	371	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc21	372	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc21	373	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc21	373	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc21	373	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc21	373	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc21	373	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc21	374	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc21	374	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc21	374	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc21	374	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc21	375	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc21	375	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc21	375	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc21	375	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc21	376	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc21	376	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc21	376	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc21	376	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc21	376	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc21	376	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc210	377	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc210	378	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc210	378	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc210	378	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc210	378	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc210	379	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc210	379	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc210	379	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc210	379	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc210	379	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc210	379	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc211	380	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc211	381	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc211	381	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc211	381	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc211	381	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc211	381	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc211	382	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc211	382	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc211	382	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc211	382	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc211	383	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc211	383	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc211	383	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc211	383	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc211	383	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc211	383	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc212	384	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc212	385	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc212	385	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc212	385	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc212	385	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc212	386	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc212	386	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc212	386	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc212	386	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc212	386	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc212	386	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc213	387	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc213	388	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc213	388	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc213	388	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc213	388	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc213	389	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc213	389	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc213	389	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc213	389	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc213	389	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc213	389	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc214	390	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc214	391	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc214	391	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc214	391	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc214	391	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc214	391	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc214	392	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc214	392	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc214	392	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc214	392	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc214	393	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc214	393	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc214	393	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc214	393	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc214	394	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc214	394	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc214	394	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc214	394	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc214	394	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc214	394	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc215	395	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc215	396	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc215	396	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc215	396	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc215	396	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc215	397	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc215	397	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc215	397	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc215	397	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc215	397	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc215	397	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc216	398	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc216	399	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc216	399	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc216	399	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc216	399	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc216	400	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc216	400	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc216	400	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc216	400	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc216	400	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc216	400	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc217	401	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc217	402	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc217	402	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc217	402	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc217	402	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc217	402	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc217	403	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc217	403	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc217	403	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc217	403	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc217	404	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc217	404	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc217	404	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc217	404	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc217	404	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc217	404	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc218	405	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc218	406	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc218	406	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc218	406	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc218	406	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc218	406	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc218	407	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc218	407	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc218	407	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc218	407	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc218	408	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc218	408	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc218	408	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc218	408	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc218	409	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc218	409	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc218	409	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc218	409	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc218	409	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc218	409	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc219	410	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc219	411	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc219	411	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc219	411	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc219	411	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc219	411	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc219	412	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc219	412	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc219	412	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc219	412	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc219	413	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc219	413	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc219	413	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc219	413	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc219	414	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc219	414	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc219	414	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc219	414	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc219	414	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc219	414	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc22	415	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc22	415	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc22	415	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc22	416	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc22	416	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc22	416	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc22	416	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc22	416	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc22	416	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc220	417	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc220	418	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc220	418	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc220	418	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc220	418	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc220	418	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc220	419	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc220	419	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc220	419	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc220	419	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc220	420	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc220	420	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc220	420	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc220	420	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc220	421	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc220	421	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc220	421	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc220	421	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc220	421	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc220	421	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc221	422	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc221	423	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc221	423	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc221	423	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc221	423	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc221	424	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc221	424	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc221	424	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc221	424	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc221	424	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc221	424	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc222	425	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc222	426	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc222	426	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc222	426	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc222	426	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc222	427	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc222	427	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc222	427	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc222	427	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc222	427	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc222	427	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc223	428	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc223	429	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc223	429	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc223	429	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc223	429	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc223	429	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc223	430	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc223	430	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc223	430	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc223	430	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc223	431	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc223	431	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc223	431	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc223	431	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc223	432	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc223	432	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc223	432	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc223	432	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc223	432	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc223	432	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc224	433	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc224	434	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc224	434	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc224	434	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc224	434	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc224	435	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc224	435	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc224	435	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc224	435	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc224	435	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc224	435	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc225	436	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc225	437	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc225	437	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc225	437	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc225	437	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc225	437	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc225	438	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc225	438	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc225	438	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc225	438	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc225	439	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc225	439	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc225	439	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc225	439	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc225	440	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc225	440	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc225	440	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc225	440	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc225	440	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc225	440	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc226	441	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc226	442	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc226	442	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc226	442	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc226	442	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc226	442	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc226	443	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc226	443	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc226	443	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc226	443	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc226	444	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc226	444	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc226	444	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc226	444	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc226	444	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc226	444	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc227	445	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc227	446	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc227	446	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc227	446	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc227	446	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc227	447	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc227	447	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc227	447	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc227	447	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc227	447	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc227	447	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc228	448	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc228	449	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc228	449	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc228	449	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc228	449	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc228	450	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc228	450	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc228	450	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc228	450	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc228	450	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc228	450	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc229	451	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc229	452	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc229	452	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc229	452	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc229	452	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc229	452	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc229	453	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc229	453	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc229	453	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc229	453	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc229	454	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc229	454	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc229	454	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc229	454	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc229	455	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc229	455	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc229	455	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc229	455	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc229	455	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc229	455	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc26	456	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc26	457	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc26	457	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc26	457	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc26	457	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc26	457	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc26	458	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc26	458	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc26	458	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc26	458	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc26	459	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc26	459	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc26	459	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc26	459	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc26	459	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc26	459	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc28	460	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc28	460	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc28	461	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc28	461	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc28	461	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc28	461	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc28	462	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc28	462	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc28	462	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc28	462	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc28	463	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc28	463	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc28	463	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc28	463	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc28	463	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc28	463	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc29	464	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc29	464	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc29	464	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc29	465	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc29	465	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc29	465	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc29	465	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc29	466	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc29	466	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc29	466	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc29	466	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc29	467	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc29	467	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc29	467	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc29	467	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc29	467	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc29	467	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc30	468	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc30	469	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc30	469	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc30	469	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc30	469	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc30	469	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc30	470	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc30	470	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc30	470	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc30	470	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc30	471	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc30	471	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc30	471	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc30	471	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc30	472	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc30	472	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc30	472	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc30	472	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc30	472	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc30	472	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc31	473	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc31	474	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc31	474	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc31	474	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc31	474	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc31	475	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc31	475	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc31	475	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc31	475	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc31	475	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc31	475	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc32	476	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc32	477	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc32	477	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc32	477	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc32	477	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc32	477	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc32	478	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc32	478	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc32	478	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc32	478	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc32	479	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc32	479	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc32	479	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc32	479	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc32	479	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc32	479	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc33	480	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc33	481	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc33	481	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc33	481	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc33	481	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc33	482	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc33	482	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc33	482	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc33	482	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc33	482	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc33	482	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc34	483	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc34	484	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc34	484	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc34	484	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc34	484	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc34	484	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc34	485	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc34	485	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc34	485	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc34	485	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc34	486	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc34	486	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc34	486	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc34	486	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc34	486	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc34	486	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc35	487	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc35	487	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc35	487	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc35	488	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc35	488	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc35	488	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc35	488	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc35	489	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc35	489	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc35	489	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc35	489	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc35	489	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc35	490	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc35	490	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc35	490	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc35	490	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc35	491	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc35	491	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc35	491	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc35	491	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc35	492	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc35	492	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc35	492	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc35	492	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc35	492	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc35	492	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc36	493	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc36	493	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc36	493	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc36	494	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc36	494	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc36	494	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc36	494	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc36	495	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc36	495	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc36	495	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc36	495	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc36	495	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc36	496	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc36	496	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc36	496	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc36	496	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc36	497	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc36	497	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc36	497	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc36	497	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc36	498	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc36	498	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc36	498	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc36	498	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc36	498	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc36	498	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc37	499	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc37	499	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc37	499	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc37	500	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc37	500	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc37	500	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc37	500	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc37	501	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc37	501	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc37	501	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc37	501	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc37	501	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc37	502	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc37	502	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc37	502	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc37	502	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc37	503	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc37	503	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc37	503	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc37	503	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc37	504	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc37	504	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc37	504	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc37	504	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc37	504	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc37	504	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc38	505	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc38	506	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc38	506	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc38	506	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc38	506	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc38	507	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc38	507	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc38	507	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc38	507	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc38	507	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc38	507	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc39	508	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc39	508	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc39	509	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc39	509	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc39	509	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc39	509	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc39	510	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc39	510	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc39	510	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc39	510	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc39	511	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc39	511	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc39	511	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc39	511	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc39	511	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc39	511	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc40	512	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc40	513	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc40	513	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc40	513	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc40	513	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc40	513	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc40	514	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc40	514	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc40	514	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc40	514	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc40	515	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc40	515	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc40	515	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc40	515	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc40	515	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc40	515	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc41	516	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc41	516	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc41	516	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc41	517	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc41	517	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc41	517	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc41	517	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc41	518	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc41	518	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc41	518	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc41	518	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc41	519	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc41	519	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc41	519	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc41	519	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc41	519	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc41	519	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc42	520	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc42	520	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc42	520	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc42	521	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc42	521	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc42	521	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc42	521	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc42	521	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc42	521	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc43	522	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc43	523	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc43	523	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc43	523	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc43	523	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc43	524	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc43	524	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc43	524	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc43	524	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc43	524	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc43	524	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc44	525	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc44	526	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc44	526	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc44	526	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc44	526	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc44	526	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc44	527	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc44	527	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc44	527	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc44	527	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc44	528	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc44	528	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc44	528	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc44	528	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc44	528	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc44	528	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc48	529	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc48	530	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc48	530	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc48	530	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc48	530	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc48	531	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc48	531	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc48	531	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc48	531	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc48	531	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc48	531	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc49	532	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc49	532	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc49	532	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc49	533	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc49	533	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc49	533	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc49	533	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc49	534	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc49	534	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc49	534	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc49	534	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc49	535	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc49	535	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc49	535	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc49	535	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc49	535	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc49	535	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc50	536	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc50	536	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc50	536	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc50	537	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc50	537	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc50	537	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc50	537	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc50	538	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc50	538	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc50	538	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc50	538	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc50	538	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
mc50	539	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc50	539	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc50	539	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc50	539	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc50	540	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc50	540	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc50	540	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc50	540	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc50	541	value	geologic_classes	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for class
mc50	541	value	lithologies	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for lithology
mc50	541	value	geologic_types	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for type
mc50	541	value	age_unit	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for age_unit
mc50	541	value	dir_polarity	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for polarity
mc50	541	value	result_type	"None" is not in controlled vocabulary for data_type
