MANIFEST.in
README.rst
setup.cfg
setup.py
hpd-20/chain.py
hpd-20/hpd20.py
hpd-20/hpd20wx.py
hpd-20/instrumentname.py
hpd-20/kit.py
hpd-20/melodypadpattern.py
hpd-20/memoryops.py
hpd-20/pad.py
hpd-20/scales.py
hpd_20.egg-info/PKG-INFO
hpd_20.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
hpd_20.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
hpd_20.egg-info/entry_points.txt
hpd_20.egg-info/requires.txt
hpd_20.egg-info/top_level.txt
kits/4_On_Floor.kit
kits/808_909 (D_BEAM_Loop On).kit
kits/ANALOG (D_BEAM_Loop On).kit
kits/African Song.kit
kits/AmbientTribe.kit
kits/Asian Melody (TriggerMode_ALT).kit
kits/Asian Perc 1 (East Asia).kit
kits/Asian Perc 2 (South East Asia).kit
kits/Asian Perc 3 (Ryukyu).kit
kits/Balaphone (w_ Gyilli).kit
kits/Ballad Perc (Long Reverb).kit
kits/Bass Line (D_BEAM_Mute).kit
kits/Beepy Beats.kit
kits/Bongo (Recording).kit
kits/Brushes.kit
kits/CAJONIC (Ring Modulator).kit
kits/Cajon (Recording).kit
kits/Cajon Plus (D_BEAM_Loop On).kit
kits/China (Pad_Pitch Bend).kit
kits/CombiNation (w_ _HH CTRL_).kit
kits/Conga (w_ Quinto&Tumba).kit
kits/Conga II (Live Stage).kit
kits/Cowbells.kit
kits/Crush Beat (BitCrush&Phaser).kit
kits/CrushLowe (Drums & Loops).kit
kits/Darabuka (w_ Riq).kit
kits/Deep Forest (Adventure).kit
kits/Deep Jazz (Roll_Snare_Cym).kit
kits/Deep Space.kit
kits/Djembe.kit
kits/Double Bass (w_ _HH CTRL_).kit
kits/Drama (Horror _ Comedy).kit
kits/Drum Booth.kit
kits/Drumline (ROLL_On).kit
kits/Drums (Studio Live Room).kit
kits/DrumsOfIndia (Bhangra).kit
kits/E_SCAPE (Hybrid NewAge).kit
kits/Echonic Dub (Tape Echo).kit
kits/Electro (ProcessedVintage).kit
kits/Experimental (Electronica).kit
kits/FatStep (Dubstep Style).kit
kits/Filt & Verb (D_BEAM_MFX Ctrl).kit
kits/Filtered! (D_BEAM_Control).kit
kits/Finger Bells (w_ Percussion).kit
kits/Folklore (South America).kit
kits/Frame Drum (w_ Bendir).kit
kits/Garage Rock (w_ _HH CTRL_).kit
kits/Hand Pan (w_ Tone Plate).kit
kits/Harmony Time.kit
kits/Instant DnB (Pressure_Mute).kit
kits/Island Dance (Pan Pacific).kit
kits/Jazz Club (w_ _HH CTRL_).kit
kits/Junk Yard (Industrial).kit
kits/Laserwave... (TriggerMode_GATE).kit
kits/Latin Kit (Conga & Bongo).kit
kits/Light_Mini (Melodic Tom).kit
kits/Lithophone 1 (Pentatonic).kit
kits/Lithophone 2 (C Major Scale).kit
kits/Luna Mallet (Impressionist).kit
kits/MarimHigh Cm (Loop JzFnk75).kit
kits/MarimLow Cm (Loop JzFnk75).kit
kits/Marimba (ROLL_On).kit
kits/Melophone (D_BEAM_M5_Ctrl).kit
kits/Metallic (Percussion).kit
kits/Mute Kicker (Mute Group).kit
kits/Mystronic.kit
kits/Neo Soul (RnB_HipHop Style).kit
kits/Noel (Happy Holidays).kit
kits/Orchestral (Pressure_Mute).kit
kits/OrientalWind (Roll_Santoor).kit
kits/Pandeiro (Samba de Roda).kit
kits/Perc & Flute.kit
kits/Perc Mixture (Layered Sounds).kit
kits/Percussive (DANCE BEAT).kit
kits/Pop Drums.kit
kits/Pot Drum.kit
kits/Repinique (Escola de Samba).kit
kits/RollingAgogo (TriggerMode_GATE).kit
kits/Samul Nori (Korean Drums).kit
kits/Shakers.kit
kits/Siesta (Cajon & Marimba).kit
kits/Snare.kit
kits/Solid BEAT.kit
kits/Sound EFX 1 (RAW).kit
kits/Sound EFX 2 (DIGITAL).kit
kits/Space_Trap.kit
kits/Steel Pan (D_BEAM_PitchBend).kit
kits/SteelPanBand (Pan Orchestra).kit
kits/Symphonist (ROLL_On).kit
kits/Tabla (Trad Method).kit
kits/Tabla Jam.kit
kits/Timbale_Ds (Reggae Style).kit
kits/Timbales (w_ Cowbells).kit
kits/Timbalitos (w_ Cowbell&Block).kit
kits/Trap_iT! (ROLL_On).kit
kits/Tuned Gongs (D_BEAM_Mute).kit
kits/TwentyFunky (Disco & Funk).kit
kits/Twin_Djembe (Ensemble).kit
kits/Urban Mood (w_ _HH CTRL_).kit
kits/User Kit.kit
kits/Vibra C maj (FGA Drone).kit
kits/Vibra C maj (Loop JzFnk75).kit
kits/Vibra C min (CFG Drone).kit
kits/Vibra C min (Loop JzFnk75).kit
kits/Vibra Db maj (Loop JzFnk75).kit
kits/Vibra G.kit
kits/Voice Drums (Flanger & Phaser).kit
kits/Wah Stepping (Step Flanger).kit
kits/Waterphone (Bowed).kit
kits/Wide_Open (Concert Hall).kit